[
    {
        "client_msg_id": "297f9d98-467e-496b-adb2-16a92312b0b7",
        "type": "message",
        "text": "Hey <@U01AA7U2ECA> and <@U01ABLH7DPY>! I was looking over the grad and postdoc directory today, to get some ideas for potential presenters. I noticed that Liz Morin-Lessard appears to be quite active on OSF, with a few studies sharing stimuli, data, etc. She might be a good option for a presenter in the Project Workflow session, as it seems she has some experience with planning projects to include a open science component. Here is the link to her OSF profile: <https:\/\/osf.io\/vmiwg\/>",
        "user": "U01ANS2G30R",
        "ts": "1602009285.042300",
        "team": "T01A754ECJZ",
        "user_team": "T01A754ECJZ",
        "source_team": "T01A754ECJZ",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "fd1605476f37",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/avatars.slack-edge.com\/2020-10-02\/1404460718194_fd1605476f378bda1293_72.jpg",
            "first_name": "ejmuraki",
            "real_name": "ejmuraki",
            "display_name": "Emiko",
            "team": "T01A754ECJZ",
            "name": "ejmuraki",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "attachments": [
            {
                "service_name": "OSF",
                "title": "OSF | Elizabeth Morin-Lessard",
                "title_link": "https:\/\/osf.io\/vmiwg\/",
                "text": "Hosted on the Open Science Framework",
                "fallback": "OSF: OSF | Elizabeth Morin-Lessard",
                "from_url": "https:\/\/osf.io\/vmiwg\/",
                "service_icon": "https:\/\/osf.io\/favicon.ico",
                "id": 1,
                "original_url": "https:\/\/osf.io\/vmiwg\/"
            }
        ],
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "EZj",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Hey "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "user",
                                "user_id": "U01AA7U2ECA"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " and "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "user",
                                "user_id": "U01ABLH7DPY"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "! I was looking over the grad and postdoc directory today, to get some ideas for potential presenters. I noticed that Liz Morin-Lessard appears to be quite active on OSF, with a few studies sharing stimuli, data, etc. She might be a good option for a presenter in the Project Workflow session, as it seems she has some experience with planning projects to include a open science component. Here is the link to her OSF profile: "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/osf.io\/vmiwg\/"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "client_msg_id": "d92f23ff-5aa8-4d96-be3f-9bf5c4945c99",
        "type": "message",
        "text": "Hi <!channel> Here are my notes from the meeting. Sorry if they are a bit scattered! Please add in or correct anything I have missed.\n\n*Session schedule and presenters*\n\nOctober 23 - Project workflow. Emiko to invite Liz. Will approach Michael and Kelsey if Liz is not available.\n\nNovember 6 - Data sharing\/Ethics. Chelsea &amp; Elaine Atay co-present. Chelsea will invite Elaine.\n \nNovember 20 - Pre-registration. Emiko will invite Brittany, provide info about her preregistration process to Brittany.\n\nDecember 4 - Troubleshooting open science. Chelsea to reach out to her contact in Kinesiology about presenting. Propose dividing breakout discussions by research field for this session.\n\n*Info\/Actions for Friday’s meeting*\n\nAdd 5-minute break between presentation and round 2 to agenda - Emiko\n \nTrack registration and randomize attendees to breakout rooms each round - Chelsea\n \nSend reminder email to attendees and email to facilitators with guide - Emiko, to send Thursday\n \nCreate poll for end of meeting to see which next actions attendees are interested in - Emiko\n\nEmiko will be the contact for people interested in presenting.",
        "user": "U01ANS2G30R",
        "ts": "1602028700.043100",
        "team": "T01A754ECJZ",
        "user_team": "T01A754ECJZ",
        "source_team": "T01A754ECJZ",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "fd1605476f37",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/avatars.slack-edge.com\/2020-10-02\/1404460718194_fd1605476f378bda1293_72.jpg",
            "first_name": "ejmuraki",
            "real_name": "ejmuraki",
            "display_name": "Emiko",
            "team": "T01A754ECJZ",
            "name": "ejmuraki",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "MrJ",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Hi "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "broadcast",
                                "range": "channel"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " Here are my notes from the meeting. Sorry if they are a bit scattered! Please add in or correct anything I have missed.\n\n"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Session schedule and presenters",
                                "style": {
                                    "bold": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "\n\nOctober 23 - Project workflow. Emiko to invite Liz. Will approach Michael and Kelsey if Liz is not available.\n\nNovember 6 - Data sharing\/Ethics. Chelsea & Elaine Atay co-present. Chelsea will invite Elaine.\n \nNovember 20 - Pre-registration. Emiko will invite Brittany, provide info about her preregistration process to Brittany.\n\nDecember 4 - Troubleshooting open science. Chelsea to reach out to her contact in Kinesiology about presenting. Propose dividing breakout discussions by research field for this session.\n\n"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Info\/Actions for Friday’s meeting",
                                "style": {
                                    "bold": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "\n\nAdd 5-minute break between presentation and round 2 to agenda - Emiko\n \nTrack registration and randomize attendees to breakout rooms each round - Chelsea\n \nSend reminder email to attendees and email to facilitators with guide - Emiko, to send Thursday\n \nCreate poll for end of meeting to see which next actions attendees are interested in - Emiko\n\nEmiko will be the contact for people interested in presenting."
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "thread_ts": "1602028700.043100",
        "reply_count": 2,
        "reply_users_count": 2,
        "latest_reply": "1602132170.045100",
        "reply_users": [
            "U01ANS2G30R",
            "U01AA7U2ECA"
        ],
        "replies": [
            {
                "user": "U01ANS2G30R",
                "ts": "1602037698.044900"
            },
            {
                "user": "U01AA7U2ECA",
                "ts": "1602132170.045100"
            }
        ],
        "subscribed": true,
        "last_read": "1602132170.045100"
    },
    {
        "client_msg_id": "DA38956A-B564-4B59-853E-D0C6C1AFB125",
        "type": "message",
        "text": "I could actually co-present with Brittany - it turns out my poster presentation on that day is 4 - 6 Eastern time, so I’ll be available 4 - 6pm Mountain Time. Should I suggest to Brittany that we co-present that session?",
        "user": "U01ANS2G30R",
        "ts": "1602037698.044900",
        "team": "T01A754ECJZ",
        "user_team": "T01A754ECJZ",
        "source_team": "T01A754ECJZ",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "fd1605476f37",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/avatars.slack-edge.com\/2020-10-02\/1404460718194_fd1605476f378bda1293_72.jpg",
            "first_name": "ejmuraki",
            "real_name": "ejmuraki",
            "display_name": "Emiko",
            "team": "T01A754ECJZ",
            "name": "ejmuraki",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "kqR",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "I could actually co-present with Brittany - it turns out my poster presentation on that day is 4 - 6 Eastern time, so I’ll be available 4 - 6pm Mountain Time. Should I suggest to Brittany that we co-present that session?"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "thread_ts": "1602028700.043100",
        "parent_user_id": "U01ANS2G30R"
    }
]