[
    {
        "bot_id": "B01AGKD04SY",
        "type": "message",
        "text": "",
        "user": "U01AP2WAHGR",
        "ts": "1600045273.053800",
        "team": "T01A754ECJZ",
        "bot_profile": {
            "id": "B01AGKD04SY",
            "deleted": false,
            "name": "GitHub",
            "updated": 1599596265,
            "app_id": "A8GBNUWU8",
            "icons": {
                "image_36": "https:\/\/slack-files2.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com\/avatars\/2017-12-19\/288981919427_f45f04edd92902a96859_36.png",
                "image_48": "https:\/\/slack-files2.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com\/avatars\/2017-12-19\/288981919427_f45f04edd92902a96859_48.png",
                "image_72": "https:\/\/slack-files2.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com\/avatars\/2017-12-19\/288981919427_f45f04edd92902a96859_72.png"
            },
            "team_id": "T01A754ECJZ"
        },
        "attachments": [
            {
                "author_name": "GwenvdW",
                "fallback": "[Open-Science-Student-Support-Group\/Main] <https:\/\/github.com\/Open-Science-Student-Support-Group\/Main\/compare\/00c6cf94ee52...3f3f421161bd|1 new commit> pushed to <https:\/\/github.com\/Open-Science-Student-Support-Group\/Main\/tree\/master|`master`>",
                "text": "*<https:\/\/github.com\/Open-Science-Student-Support-Group\/Main\/compare\/00c6cf94ee52...3f3f421161bd|1 new commit> pushed to <https:\/\/github.com\/Open-Science-Student-Support-Group\/Main\/tree\/master|`master`>*\n<https:\/\/github.com\/Open-Science-Student-Support-Group\/Main\/commit\/3f3f421161bd1f165fb618c010390e7abf7606f0|`3f3f4211`> - Deleted via the Open Science Framework",
                "footer": "<https:\/\/github.com\/Open-Science-Student-Support-Group\/Main|Open-Science-Student-Support-Group\/Main>",
                "id": 1,
                "author_link": "https:\/\/github.com\/GwenvdW",
                "author_icon": "https:\/\/avatars1.githubusercontent.com\/u\/66083270?v=4",
                "footer_icon": "https:\/\/github.githubassets.com\/favicon.ico",
                "color": "24292f",
                "mrkdwn_in": [
                    "text"
                ]
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "text": "<!channel> Hi Everyone!\nI hope you’ve all had a nice weekend! As it seems all people on board with the organization up to now are good with meeting on Wednesday (Sept 16) at 10am, I’d propose to go ahead with that meeting, and on-board any other people as they join (e.g. if they can join the meeting, great, if not, we can get them up to speed differently and make sure they can join the next meeting).\n\nI’ve created an agenda (see attached), again with what I hope to get through for sure in bold. As you can see, I have come up with some core organizational roles. I hope we can find 1 or 2 people for each of these core functions during our meeting. No one is expected to take on any of these responsibilities, and people can do more than one, if they want. I’m thinking of using polls to see who is interested in what, so I thought it might be good if you can all take a moment to see if and what roles you might be interested in before the meeting. This is how I imagine them, but during the meeting we can talk more about them and what they mean before we assign any of them (see forth major point on the agenda). If you have ideas for additional\/different roles, please let me know before the meeting, as it is much easier to prepare\/adjust polls before a meeting starts then during the meeting itself.\n\n*General:* taking on a core organizational role means that you are the end responsible for a task\/group of tasks. You are expected to make sure that your responsibilities are fulfilled for the duration of one semester, or find someone else to take over your responsibilities if you can no longer fulfil them. You have the freedom to make decisions about your task(s) independently. This does not mean you have to do everything by yourself or you have to figure out anything alone. Ask for help\/feedback and delegate (sub)tasks as you see fit.\n\n*Sessions (2)*: end responsible for making sure everything needed for online sessions is present: presenters, facilitators, zoom meeting, challenges, round questions, ect.\n\n*Promotion (1):* end responsible for promotion of biweekly sessions: collecting\/writing blurb for session, sending it to admin to be included in Monday Memo, posting on Facebook, Slack\n\n*Online platforms (2):* end responsible for maintaining\/updating online platforms (OSF\/GitHub\/Slack) and first point of contact for people who have issues with any of them\n\n*Feedback & community (1-2):* end responsible for organizing and processing feedback, developing and promoting community guidelines, and first point of contact for complaints & conflict\n\n*Temporary role - creation\/set up of group foundations (2-3):* work out basic foundations for this group (organizational structure, community guidelines, support channels, etc.) and write them up. Once there is a first draft, it will be sent out to everyone for feedback, which people in this role will process\n\nAs always, let me know if you have any questions\/comments or want to chat about anything!",
        "files": [
            {
                "id": "F01ALF1JNP4",
                "created": 1600048332,
                "timestamp": 1600048332,
                "name": "Meeting agendas & notes.docx",
                "title": "Meeting agendas &amp; notes.docx",
                "mimetype": "application\/vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document",
                "filetype": "docx",
                "pretty_type": "Word Document",
                "user": "U01AA7U2ECA",
                "editable": false,
                "size": 19321,
                "mode": "hosted",
                "is_external": false,
                "external_type": "",
                "is_public": true,
                "public_url_shared": false,
                "display_as_bot": false,
                "username": "",
                "url_private": "https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-pri\/T01A754ECJZ-F01ALF1JNP4\/meeting_agendas___notes.docx?t=xoxe-1347174488645-1612442201312-1573826913015-453545d9d1a501a4e497d7cb3f5eacde",
                "url_private_download": "https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-pri\/T01A754ECJZ-F01ALF1JNP4\/download\/meeting_agendas___notes.docx?t=xoxe-1347174488645-1612442201312-1573826913015-453545d9d1a501a4e497d7cb3f5eacde",
                "converted_pdf": "https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-tmb\/T01A754ECJZ-F01ALF1JNP4-653ebdd36e\/meeting_agendas___notes_converted.pdf?t=xoxe-1347174488645-1612442201312-1573826913015-453545d9d1a501a4e497d7cb3f5eacde",
                "thumb_pdf": "https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-tmb\/T01A754ECJZ-F01ALF1JNP4-653ebdd36e\/meeting_agendas___notes_thumb_pdf.png?t=xoxe-1347174488645-1612442201312-1573826913015-453545d9d1a501a4e497d7cb3f5eacde",
                "thumb_pdf_w": 935,
                "thumb_pdf_h": 1210,
                "permalink": "https:\/\/opensciencest-4fn7856.slack.com\/files\/U01AA7U2ECA\/F01ALF1JNP4\/meeting_agendas___notes.docx",
                "permalink_public": "https:\/\/slack-files.com\/T01A754ECJZ-F01ALF1JNP4-ba2010f868",
                "is_starred": false,
                "has_rich_preview": false
            }
        ],
        "upload": false,
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "0CPe",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "broadcast",
                                "range": "channel"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " Hi Everyone!\nI hope you’ve all had a nice weekend! As it seems all people on board with the organization up to now are good with meeting on Wednesday (Sept 16) at 10am, I’d propose to go ahead with that meeting, and on-board any other people as they join (e.g. if they can join the meeting, great, if not, we can get them up to speed differently and make sure they can join the next meeting).\n\nI’ve created an agenda (see attached), again with what I hope to get through for sure in bold. As you can see, I have come up with some core organizational roles. I hope we can find 1 or 2 people for each of these core functions during our meeting. No one is expected to take on any of these responsibilities, and people can do more than one, if they want. I’m thinking of using polls to see who is interested in what, so I thought it might be good if you can all take a moment to see if and what roles you might be interested in before the meeting. This is how I imagine them, but during the meeting we can talk more about them and what they mean before we assign any of them (see forth major point on the agenda). If you have ideas for additional\/different roles, please let me know before the meeting, as it is much easier to prepare\/adjust polls before a meeting starts then during the meeting itself.\n\n"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "General:",
                                "style": {
                                    "bold": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " taking on a core organizational role means that you are the end responsible for a task\/group of tasks. You are expected to make sure that your responsibilities are fulfilled for the duration of one semester, or find someone else to take over your responsibilities if you can no longer fulfil them. You have the freedom to make decisions about your task(s) independently. This does not mean you have to do everything by yourself or you have to figure out anything alone. Ask for help\/feedback and delegate (sub)tasks as you see fit.\n\n"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Sessions (2)",
                                "style": {
                                    "bold": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": ": end responsible for making sure everything needed for online sessions is present: presenters, facilitators, zoom meeting, challenges, round questions, ect.\n\n"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Promotion (1):",
                                "style": {
                                    "bold": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " end responsible for promotion of biweekly sessions: collecting\/writing blurb for session, sending it to admin to be included in Monday Memo, posting on Facebook, Slack\n\n"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Online platforms (2):",
                                "style": {
                                    "bold": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " end responsible for maintaining\/updating online platforms (OSF\/GitHub\/Slack) and first point of contact for people who have issues with any of them\n\n"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Feedback & community (1-2):",
                                "style": {
                                    "bold": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " end responsible for organizing and processing feedback, developing and promoting community guidelines, and first point of contact for complaints & conflict\n\n"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Temporary role - creation\/set up of group foundations (2-3):",
                                "style": {
                                    "bold": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " work out basic foundations for this group (organizational structure, community guidelines, support channels, etc.) and write them up. Once there is a first draft, it will be sent out to everyone for feedback, which people in this role will process\n\nAs always, let me know if you have any questions\/comments or want to chat about anything!"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "user": "U01AA7U2ECA",
        "display_as_bot": false,
        "ts": "1600050495.076000",
        "thread_ts": "1600050495.076000",
        "reply_count": 4,
        "reply_users_count": 2,
        "latest_reply": "1600134070.096200",
        "reply_users": [
            "U01AA7U4UHY",
            "U01AA7U2ECA"
        ],
        "replies": [
            {
                "user": "U01AA7U4UHY",
                "ts": "1600065741.083200"
            },
            {
                "user": "U01AA7U2ECA",
                "ts": "1600100128.083400"
            },
            {
                "user": "U01AA7U4UHY",
                "ts": "1600101029.089000"
            },
            {
                "user": "U01AA7U2ECA",
                "ts": "1600134070.096200"
            }
        ],
        "subscribed": false,
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U01ANS2G30R",
                    "U01AADVMMJ7"
                ],
                "count": 2
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "client_msg_id": "E5AFBF7A-2D5B-4D14-A6A6-4B4B258DBABD",
        "type": "message",
        "text": "Looks good! One comment about this: These are all administrative\/organizational roles. It might be nice to also define creative\/contributor roles (if there are any specific ones, or else just as a general role), since we should probably assign people specific presentation dates if we’re going to be giving talks\/workshops",
        "user": "U01AA7U4UHY",
        "ts": "1600065741.083200",
        "team": "T01A754ECJZ",
        "user_team": "T01A754ECJZ",
        "source_team": "T01A754ECJZ",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "667fa5ff9754",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/avatars.slack-edge.com\/2020-09-08\/1347287393925_667fa5ff9754fe068109_72.png",
            "first_name": "Michael",
            "real_name": "Michael McCarth",
            "display_name": "Michael",
            "team": "T01A754ECJZ",
            "name": "michael.mccarthy",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "JZWb",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Looks good! One comment about this: These are all administrative\/organizational roles. It might be nice to also define creative\/contributor roles (if there are any specific ones, or else just as a general role), since we should probably assign people specific presentation dates if we’re going to be giving talks\/workshops"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "thread_ts": "1600050495.076000",
        "parent_user_id": "U01AA7U2ECA"
    }
]